Contribution guide update (#3643)
timescale/docs: about/contribute-to-timescale.md

tags: [github]
---

# Contribute to Timescale

> There are multiple ways to help make TimescaleDB better. All of the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TimescaleDB, pgai, pgvectorscale, Timescale Toolkit and the Timescale documentation are all open source. They are available in GitHub for you use, review and update.

This page shows you the repositories where you can add to Timescale products. 
```

and source for the PostgreSQL extension are available to use and review on
GitHub.

> ## Contribute to TimescaleDB code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contribute to the code for Timescale products
```

tags: [github]
---

# Contribute to Timescale

> TimescaleDB, pgai, pgvectorscale, TimescaleDB Toolkit, and the Timescale documentation are all open source. They are available in GitHub for you use, review and update. This page shows you the repositories where you can add to Timescale products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TimescaleDB, pgai, pgvectorscale, TimescaleDB Toolkit, and the Timescale documentation are all open source. They are available in GitHub for you use, review and update. This page shows you where you can add to Timescale products.
```

## Contribute to the code for Timescale products

> Timescale appreciates any help the community can provide to make its products better!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timescale appreciates any help the community can provide to make its products better! You can:
```

> There are multiple ways you can help:

Reviewer: Remove this line.

* Open an issue with a bug report, build issue, feature request, suggestion, etc.
* Fork this repository and submit a pull request

Head over to the Timescale source repositories to learn, review, and help improve our products!

> * [TimescaleDB][timescaledb]: an extension for PostgreSQL that enables time-series, events, and real-time analytics workloads, while increasing ingest, query, and storage performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [TimescaleDB][timescaledb]: a PostgreSQL extension for high-performance real-time analytics on time-series and event data.
```

> [Head over to our GitHub repository][github-timescaledb] for TimescaleDB to learn

Reviewer: Head over the Timescale source repositories to learn, review and help improve our products!

* [TimescaleDB][link to]: tagline from the top of the new timescaledb repo
* pgai ... you get the idea.

more about how you can help and to review our coding style guide!

## Contributing to Timescale documentation

> Timescale documentation is hosted in a [docs GitHub repository][github-docs]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timescale documentation is hosted in the [docs GitHub repository][github-docs]
```
